whenever you're doing underarm waxing
you want to make sure that you cover the
clothes on your client and on yourself
just tuck this in just a little bit just
to make sure that you don't get anything
on the clothes and we will do one more
right in this area and you want to start
with the pre Appalachian oil and just
add a little bit of that on not too much
because then you won't be able to pull
the hair out and another good tip is you
want to make sure that you cleanse the
area first and you can just do that by
just wiping the area off you can use a
little bit of sanitizer and you want to
make sure that you just apply the
epilation oil on there it's just to
soften the skin and just to prepare the
skin for waxing
and you just get your wax and the
underarm is split in two most of the
time this lower half right here you want
to make sure that you pull the wax down
in a downward motion and then you're
going to take your Muslim strip and
apply that to the underarms and the same
fashion that you put on the wax and then
you're going to want to pull it make
sure that you pull the skin and then you
pull it off and you want to make sure
that you hold that just to apply a
little bit pressure because it helps
with the pain and then you want to do
the top half of the underarm and again
you go with the hairline which is
growing up and just do a thin layer and
you put the Muslim strip on the same way
that you put the wax and you just brush
it down just a couple of times and then
on this part you want to make sure that
you pull the arm here and then pull
again away from the hairline and just to
help get some of that stickiness off and
that's our own wax